hey what's up guys superb here and in
this video I'll show you how the fastest
way to earn dragon shinobi tokens so
first thing join underground lab and go
to Leena drink no be quest make sure
accept both of them and I look here's
the tip I'll show you the quest box
glitch later if you don't know how to do
it's 300 tokens I only have 40 so you
can stack the quest drops so first you
have to go to underground lobby and keep
killing these things to get monster goo
and monster dunk which convulsed a cup
one can stack up to four one can stack
up the legend one stacks up to four and
a non legend one stacks up to two so
once you've got that you go to battle :
and you just kill these cons on these
now the legend won't always sex up to
four non legend sacks up to so every
time you finish stacking all these up
you get 10 shinobi tokens pretty much
two treasure chests in row what luck do
I have and this guy just kind of video
bombs to me just comes in shows up in
the middle of the video so now I
complete it for you can turn in four
times so 4 times 8 and there's a glitch
so I have no idea what just happened
turned in twice and then you get one for
each non-member quest non Legend so yeah
you get 10 in 1 completion really quick
now I'll just show you the quest box
glitch to show you the fastest way to do
this so you don't have to keep coming to
underground lab you delete an AC item
and the box will stay open no matter
where you go
so you just stack up all these things
and I've dueled against the dragon
shinobi class before I would say it's
pretty overpowered in PvP because it has
this shield thing that makes it pretty
much invincible to damage and then it
has a full heal which is really cheap
and I don't even think I can kill it
so now underground B stack up these
kills a lot of my friends are telling me
it's a great class so I just turn in the
quest as you go along and you don't
actually have to stack all of them up
because that's the point of this quest
glitch you can turn them in whenever you
want as you see it's really quick a lot
of people got this within one hour of
the release so you know what probably I
don't know it's it's really quick so big
thanks to Spyder Oh as plan for helping
me make up make this video so I'm kind
of sick so it's hard from you make
commentaries but anyways hope this
helped you guys and more videos coming
soon cluding the shouted video so big
thanks to y'all proof